fix: add deployment issues section (#66)
SAP-samples/fiori-tools-samples: misc/onpremise/README.md

> - `HTML5.DynamicDestination` is set to true; this means that the destination will be dynamically created at runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HTML5.DynamicDestination` is set to true. This means that the destination will be dynamically created at runtime.
```

> - `Authentication` is set to `PrincipalPropagation`, this means that the destination to support a productive landscape, to maintain the same user context and to avoid the need for a password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Authentication` is set to `PrincipalPropagation`. This means that the destination to support a productive landscape, to maintain the same user context and to avoid the need for a password.
```

> - `CloudConnectorLocationId` is set to `scloud`, this is the location ID of the SAP Cloud Connector that is configured in the SAP BTP cockpit, SAP BTP subaccount can be configured with different Cloud Connectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CloudConnectorLocationId` is set to `scloud`. This is the location ID of the SAP Cloud Connector that is configured in the SAP BTP cockpit. The SAP BTP subaccount can be configured with different cloud connectors.
```

### Enable Trace Logging

> Step 1. Enable logging in the SAP Cloud Connector (SCC) UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Enable logging in the SAP Cloud Connector (SCC) UI.
```

> * Confirm the version of your SAP Cloud Connector (SCC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Confirm the version of your SAP Cloud Connector (SCC).
```

> * Set Cloud Connector Loggers to ALL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set Cloud Connector Loggers to ALL.
```

__Note:__ As best practice, we recommend that you do not enable trace logging in production environments unless you are troubleshooting a specific issue.

> Step 2. Next, run the scenario that is failing and check the logs for any errors or else run Environment Check to call the V2 and V4 catalog API endpoints. The logs will provide detailed information about the requests and responses between the SAP BTP and the on-premise system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: Run the scenario that is failing and check the logs for any errors. If there are no errors, run the Environment Check to call the V2 and V4 catalog API endpoints. The logs will provide detailed information about the requests and responses between the SAP BTP and the On-Premise system.
```

> Step 3. Once you've gathered the logs, you can disable the trace settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3: Once you've gathered the logs, you can disable the trace settings.
```

> For more details on these logs, please refer to SAP Cloud Connector Troubleshooting https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/cloud-connector-troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details about these logs, see [SAP Cloud Connector Troubleshooting](https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/cloud-connector-troubleshooting).
```

> Step 4. Review the logs for any errors or issues. The logs will provide detailed information about the requests and responses between the SAP BTP and the on-premise system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 4: Review the logs for any errors or issues. The logs will provide detailed information about the requests and responses between the SAP BTP and the On-Premise system.
```

> If you are not seeing any network traffic in the `traffic_trace_` logs, then the issues are most likely with the SCC configuration where the SAP Cloud Connector is unable to establish a secure connection to the target ABAP system which is blocking traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not see any network traffic in the `traffic_trace_` logs, then the issue is most likely with the SCC configuration where the SAP Cloud Connector is unable to establish a secure connection to the target ABAP system which is blocking traffic.
```

# Support Ticket

> If you are still experiencing issues, please raise a support ticket using the support component `BC-MID-SCC` and ensure you provide the following information;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are still experiencing issues, please raise a support ticket using the support component `BC-MID-SCC` and ensure you provide the following information:
```

> ## Step 1. Screenshots Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1. Provide Screenshots
```

> * Access Control: SCC -> Cloud to On-Premise -> Access Control -> Select Mapping -> Ensure Access Policy is set to Path and All Sub-Paths and URL Path is / (this might differ depending on security concerns)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access Control: SCC -> Cloud to On-Premise -> Access Control -> Select Mapping -> Ensure Access Policy is set to Path and All Sub-Paths and URL Path is /. Note this may differ depending on security concerns.
```

* Check Availability: SCC -> Cloud to On-Premise -> Access Control -> Actions -> Select Mapping -> Check Availability.

> ## Step 2. Trace SAP Cloud Connector Activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Trace SAP Cloud Connector Activity
```

> * Confirm the version of your SAP Cloud Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Confirm the version of your SAP Cloud Connector.
```

> * Set Cloud Connector Loggers to ALL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set Cloud Connector Loggers to ALL.
```

Once you've gathered the logs, you can disable the trace settings.

## Step 3. Environment Check Report
Run the [Environment Check Report](../destinations/README.md#environment-check) and attach the generated zip file.

## Step 4. Archive Files

> Please compress all the requested files into a single zip file and attach it to the support ticket for easier review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compress all the requested files into a single zip file and attach it to the support ticket.
```

# Deployment Issues

> If you are experiencing deployment issues, please refer to the [Deployment Issues](https://ga.support.sap.com/index.html#/tree/3046/actions/45995:45996:50742:46000) guide for troubleshooting steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experiencing deployment issues, see [Deployment Issues](https://ga.support.sap.com/index.html#/tree/3046/actions/45995:45996:50742:46000) for troubleshooting steps. 
```

In most instances, the root cause of deployment issues relates to the prerequisites not being met.

> ### Option 1. ABAP Transaction Log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: ABAP Transaction Log
```

> If connectivity to the ABAP system is working but API requests are failing, check the ABAP transaction logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the connection to the ABAP system is working but API requests are failing, check the ABAP transaction logs:
```

Use `/IWFND/ERROR_LOG` to view OData service errors.

Use `/IWFND/GW_CLIENT` to test and analyze service calls.

Refer [SAP ABAP guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tmb-O966GwM)

> ### Option 2. Enable Trace Logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 2: Enable Trace Logging
```

Run the following deployment command with debug logging enabled to get more information about the API request and response. This will help identify any issues during the deployment process.

```bash
# Mac or Linux
DEBUG=* npm run deploy
# Windows
set DEBUG=* && npm run deploy

> ````

Reviewer: Remove extra backtick.

Reviewer: @longieirl, this extra backtick still needs to be removed.

To make it a permanent change, in your HTML5 application, you can add `--verbose` to enable trace logging to get more information about the API request and response.

```json
"deploy": "npm run build && fiori deploy --config ui5-deploy.yaml --verbose && rimraf archive.zip"
```

> Re-run the deployment command `npm run deploy` and check the console output for any errors or issues. The trace logging will provide detailed information about the requests and responses between the SAP BTP and the on-premise system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Re-run the deployment command `npm run deploy` and check the console output for any errors or issues. The trace logging will provide detailed information about the requests and responses between the SAP BTP and the On-Premise system.
```

> ### Option 3. Execute Connectivity Test using Business Application Studio (BAS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 3: Execute a Connection Test Using Business Application Studio (BAS)
```

> - Open a BAS terminal window and run the following command to execute the connectivity test;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a BAS terminal window and run the following command to execute the connection test:
```

> Replace `<destination-name>` with the name of your SAP BTP destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `<destination-name>` with the name of your SAP BTP destination.
```

> Replace `<bsp-name>` with the name of your BSP name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the `<bsp-name>` with the name of your BSP name.
```

```bash
curl -vs -i -H "X-CSRF-Token: Fetch" "https://dest.<destination-name>/sap/opu/odata/UI5/ABAP_REPOSITORY_SRV/Repositories(%27<bsp-name>%27)?saml2=disabled"  > curl-abap-srv-output.txt 2>&1
```
- Review the `curl-abap-srv-output.txt` file for any errors or issues. In some instances, the root cause of why the API request is failing can be found in the response body or headers.

> Please note, if you get an HTTP 404 error, this means that the BSP application is not yet deployed but indicates there is no connectivity issue to your OnPremise ABAP system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, if you get an HTTP 404 error, this means that the BSP application is not yet deployed but indicates there is no connectivity issue to your On-Premise ABAP system.
```
